PROBLEM/QUESTION
Whenever I look for apartments in new cities, I always like to know if I'm close to a transit stop, specifically
rail transit (subways, trolleys, etc, because I'm a nerd). However, when I use a real estate search site like Zillow,
the maps they use make it really difficult to see if properties are close to a transit stop unless you zoom in
to a scale where it becomes more difficult to see properties.

I'd like to design something that can take pre-filtered Zillow data (if that's possible), and be able to filter
it by a specified distance to a transit stop. The distance could be altered by a user. Also, i'd like it
to dispaly the lines and where they collect in a very clear, diagramattic matter that's spatially accurate.
Google Maps kind of does this now, but it's hard to read and in general not very good.

THE DATA/Technologies Used

Dataset's I'd need include:
  SEPTA rail stops, shapefile converted into GeoJSON
  SEPTA rail lines, shapfile converted into GeoJson
  Zillow property data from pre - filtered results?
    Like, I'd go onto Zillow, put in the requirements (size, price, amenities), and then have the user copy
    the URL of said result into my program. That would have it use an AJAX call to pull all of the properties
    from Zillow and plot them on the map using Leaflet.


DESIGN SPEC
  User Experience
    Users should be able to copy and paste a Zillow URL, select SEPTA modes they'd like to filter by, and the max
    distance between the property and the transit stop they'd be willing to go. Once the properties are filtered and plotted, have
    a popup with the Zillow information and link show up.
  Layouts and Visual Design
    Maybe a sideback on the side with the input information, along with panes of properties. 

ANTICIPATED DIFFICULTIES
  Developing the method to pull from Zillow and pushing that data into a live array.
MISSING PIECES
  Is the Zillow part even possible?


*** Part of me is considering doing this for a different city that I don't know, like Maybe Washington D.C. or Chicago.
